Add Aliasing Decorators section to libraries.rst (#1243)
python/typing: docs/source/libraries.rst

provide signature assistance. As such, library authors are discouraged
from creating decorators that mutate function signatures in this manner.

Aliasing Decorators
-------------------

When writing a library with a couple of decorator factories 
(i.e. functions returning decorators, like ``complex_decorator`` from 

> Annotating Decorators section) it may be tempting to create a shortcut 

Reviewer: Please add the following line before the "Annotating Decorators" section heading:

```
.. _annotating-decorators:
```

(And a similar line above the "Aliasing Decorators" header.) See the "How much of my library needs types" section for an example.

You can then link the section like this:

```suggestion
:ref:`annotating-decorators` section) it may be tempting to create a shortcut 
```

provide signature assistance. As such, library authors are discouraged
from creating decorators that mutate function signatures in this manner.

Aliasing Decorators
-------------------

When writing a library with a couple of decorator factories 
(i.e. functions returning decorators, like ``complex_decorator`` from 
:ref:`annotating-decorators` section) it may be tempting to create a shortcut 
for a decorator. 

Different type checkers handle ``TypeAlias`` involving ``Callable`` in a 
different manner, so the most portable and easy way to create a shortcut 
is to define a callable ``Protocol`` as described in `PEP 
544 <https://peps.python.org/pep-0544/#callback-protocols>`_.

> There is already a ``Protcol`` called ``IndentityFunction`` defined in ``_typeshed``:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is already a ``Protocol`` called ``IdentityFunction`` defined in ``_typeshed``:
```

It might also be worth linking to the `_typeshed` README here: https://github.com/python/typeshed/blob/master/stdlib/_typeshed/README.md
